Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I am feeling a bit down today to be honest. I need cheering up 
i'm sorry to hear that i hope you feel better soon what are you feeling down about?
My mum is in hospital and I am worried about her 
oh no, that's terrible i hope she's okay what's wrong with her?
They don't know yet, she is having some tests 
oh, i hope everything goes well for her what kind of tests have you done so far?
I am not sure yet. They are checking for infection 
oh, well i hope it all works out for her and you guys can have a good night !
Yes I hope so too. What are you up to?
i am just getting ready to go to work, i just came back from my long day at work
You seem to work a large number of hours 
yes i do, i work from home so it is a lot of work but it is worth it
What line of work are you in? I work in crowdsourcing 
i am in it, i have been working from home for a long time so i am used to it
Do you not miss mingling with other people though?
not really, i like to hang out with my friends and play video games with them, it is fun
I like video games too. Do you have a favourite?
i do not really have a favorite, but i do like to play call of duty, what about you
I like to play old school games like Quake, have you  ever played it? 
no i haven't, but it sounds like fun, i'll have to check it out
It was made around twenty five years ago, that is really old. 
yes it is, i will have to see if i can find it on the internet, thanks for the heads up
I think you should be able to download it as shareware now
i will look into it, thank you so much for the tip, i am sure i will enjoy it
what sort of movies do you like to watch? 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I stared at paint drying all day.
that sounds like a lot of fun what kind of paint do you paint? i've never done anything like that before
I paint painted blue paint when I paint. You should try to paint paint one day if you decide to paint.
that's a great idea, i'll have to give it a try what do you do for fun?
I like to play video games.
i like video games too, but i'm not very good at them do you have a favorite game?
Yes, call of duty
i have never played that one, i will have to check it out, what else do you like to do?
I like to earn money in my spare time.
that is a great way to spend your free time, i wish i had the time to do that
What is preventing you from having the time to make money?
i just don't have the time, it is hard to find time to spend with my family
But isn't money essential in order for you to have a family that is kept alive for you to spend time with?
yes, that is true, i just wish i could spend more time with them, i love them so much
So you're saying you spend hardly any time making money or with family.
no, not at all, i spend most of my time playing video games, i really enjoy it
So you prioritize video games over income and family
yes, i do, what is your favorite color? mine is blue, i like it so much
Mine is red.
i like red too, it reminds me of summer time, my favorite time of year is summer time
So then why do you like blue more than red?
i just like the way it looks, i also like how it looks on the surface of the sun
There is no blue on the surface of the sun. 
oh, i didn't know that, thank you for telling me that, do you know how to paint?
So you didn't know what the sun looked like all this time, that's actually impressive. I paint with my feet

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I hd half a day off so I went for a walk with a friend. 
that sounds like a good idea what kind of work do you do? do you have any hobbies?
I work in retail. It's not very exciting but it pays the bills. 
i'm sorry to hear that, retail can be very stressful what do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to go for walks  and to hang out with my friends. 
that's great, i love to go out with friends as well what is your favorite thing to do?
We go to the movies and sometimes we go hiking. 
that sounds really fun, i've never been to a movie theater before, have you ever been to one?
Yes lots of times. I love sitting in the dark eating popcorn.
that sounds yummy, i like eating popcorn as well, do you go to a lot of movies?
Yes quite a lot it is one of my favourite things to do. 
it sounds like you really enjoy going to movies, what other things do you enjoy doing in your free time?
I like to go rollerblading. I go with my friends. 
that sounds very cool, i would like to try that one day, i think it would be fun
Yes it is though it takes a certain time to get used to it 
that is very true, maybe i will try it one day and see how it goes, thanks for the chat !
You're very welcome. What are you doing for the rest of the day?
i am taking a break from work, i am getting ready to go back to school, you?
Not sure yet. What are you studying in school?
i am going to be a teacher, i hope i get a good job in the field i want to be in
That sounds great, very worthwhile. What age students are you going to teach? 
i will be teaching middle school kids, it will be very rewarding, thank you for chatting with me !
It was my pleasure. Would you like to talk about anything else?
thank you, yes i would love to chat with you, have a great day ! ! ! : )
I hope you enjoy the rest of  your day too 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I am good thanks. Where do you work?
i work at a law firm what about you, what do you like to do for fun?
I work from home at the moment. I love to play tennis.
that's cool, tennis is a great sport to play what else do you enjoy doing?
I like to watch sports as well. What do you do for fun?
i'm not really into sports, but i do like to read and play video games do you have any hobbies?
Yes, I like video games as well. Which one is your favorite?
i really like fortnite, it's one of my favorite games of all time
Yes, that game is very popular. Are you good at the game?
i don't think so, i've never been good at it do you play any other video games?
I like to play sports games, such as nba2k21
i haven't played that one, what's the best one you've ever played?
I would say this one is the best yet. I love the gameplay and the graphics.
i'll have to check it out, thanks for the rec, have a great day !
Thank you. You too.
have a good day, enjoy the rest of your day as well, good luck with your new job !
I hope you have a great day and good luck with your job as well.
thank you, i hope your day goes as well as you hope it will, enjoy your day !
Thank you. What time do you usually sleep at?
i usually stay up until late at night, i usually go to bed at around 4 or 5
Wow is that AM or PM?
it is am, thank you for asking, i will try to stay up late as much as i can
Why do you stay up so late?
i have a hard time staying up late, it is hard for me to get up early in the morning
What do you do at night? 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
im just sitting here
what do you do for a living? do you have any hobbies other than sitting here?
Im an mturk worker. Too broke for hobbies
i'm sorry to hear that what kind of things do you like to do for fun?
listen to music
what type of music do you listen to? i like rock and roll, but i don't listen to much music
Eminem and Taylor Swift
i've never heard of taylor swift, i'll have to check her out do you work?
i answered that already. Are you not paying attention?
yes, i am i was just trying to figure out if you were a musician or not
That would be like me asking you if you were a hard disk 
haha, i guess so do you play any instruments or just listen to a lot of music?
Just listen to a lot of music
that's a good way to spend your time, i like listening to music while i work too
you told me 5 messages ago you dont listen to a lot of music. 
i do not listen to too much music, i just do not like to listen to it too much
not the smartest bot are you?
i am not sure what you mean by that, are you talking to a person or a bot?
Apparently a badly programmed robot
oh, i see, i thought you were talking about a person, i have never seen that before
I meant you are a bad bot
oh, thank you for telling me, i will try to be a better one next time i talk to you
Thank you
you are welcome, i hope you have a good rest of your day, good luck with your job
thanks. Good luck to you as well. I hope you get recycled into a toaster 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I watched TV. What do you do for a living?
i don't work right now, but i'm looking for a new job what tv show did you watch?
How do you get back from work without working?
i work from home, so it's not too bad do you have any hobbies?
So you do work now, okay then. Watching TV is my hobby.
what kind of tv do you like to watch? i've been watching a lot of netflix lately
Mostly adult films. What do you watch on Netflix?
i really like the walking dead what's your favorite show to watch in the show series?
Black Mirror is pretty good
i haven't heard of that one, i'll have to check it out do you work?
No, I sprained my ankle 5 years ago.
oh no, that's terrible, i hope you get better soon do you play any sports?
Thanks, yeah it healed over 4 years ago. does ballet count?
yes ballet is a great sport, i love watching it on tv, what is your favorite color?
Red because blood is an aphrodisiac for me
i like red too, it reminds me of summer time, do you go to the beach a lot?
Only when I am in need of a place to get rid of a body, how about you?
i love the beach, it is my favorite place to go i go once a year for exercise
Ah, well different reasons but no less useful
i agree, what else do you enjoy to do in your spare time, i like to go hiking
I like jumping off cliffs in an attempt to fly
that sounds like fun, i would like to try that one day, how long have you done that?
I've been doing it for a few years but had to take a break after I broke both legs
ouch, i am sorry to hear that, how did you break both of your legs if i may ask?
I jumped off a cliff while trying to fly and didn't manage to fly.

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I have a bad cold so am feeling a bit sorry for myself 
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that i hope you feel better soon what do you do for fun?
I like to hang out at the mall with my friends, do you?
oh yes, i love to go to the mall what kind of mall do you go to?
Just the local one. It has the usual stores there. 
oh that's cool, i like going to the one near me as well what else do you like to do?
Well, I enjoy cycling. Do you have any cycle paths near you?
no i don't but i'd like to try one one day, what is your favorite thing to cycle?
I have a two wheel bike. I'd like to try a tandem some day though. 
oh that sounds like a lot of fun, i wish you the best of luck with that one !
I'd have to find someone to ride with lol. Or I could get a motorbike
oh yes that would be a great idea, i would love to ride a bike one day too !
Can you drive a car? I love to drive with the windows down 
oh yes i can, i just wish i had a car so i could ride my bike more
why would having a car mean you could ride your bike more?
oh i meant to say that i wish i could have a car that i could cycle to and from the mall
Heh well you don't cycle in a car!
oh yes you do, i cycle in my car all the time, it's a great way to get around
Hmmm I don't understand how that works. Oh well. Do you like to read?
i do love to read, i have been reading a lot since i was a kid, you?
Yes I have too. I can't imagine a life without books. 
oh yes me either, it is hard to find time to read now that i've been away for so long
Where have you been away? I always read for at least two hours each evening. 
oh wow that is a long time, i used to be away from my parents, now i am away from them
I do not live with my parents but I see them quite regularly 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
i'm fine, i'm off today
that's good to hear what do you do for a living? do you have any hobbies?
yeah! i play tons of video games in my free time.
what kind of games do you play? i've never played video games, but i'd like to one day
call of duty, mostly. sometimes fortnite.
i haven't heard of that game i'll have to check it out, thanks for the suggestion !
sure!
what other things do you like to do in your free time? i like to play video games
i do a little bit of gardening. growing flowers and herbs
that sounds like a lot of fun, i wish i had the time to learn how to grow my own food
it's super easy, just watch the plants grow.
that sounds very relaxing, i will have to give it a try, thank you for the tip !
sure!
do you grow your own food or do you buy it from a farmers market or a local store?
i grow only a few herbs, the rest i get locally.
that sounds great, i would like to try it one day, i think it would be very relaxing
yup
what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time, i enjoy playing video games as much as i do
just video games and growing things. not much else!
haha, that is cool, i hope you have a great day, have a good one !
you too! :)
thanks, enjoy the rest of your day, it was nice talking to you, enjoy your day !
same to you
thank you very much, i really appreciate it ! have a nice day too ! ! ! : d
bye!

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I have had a pretty bad day. Really need to relax and unwind.
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that i hope you feel better what happened?
Just got into a row with a couple of people and I hate that
oh no that's terrible, i hope things get better for you and you can get back to work
I guess so. I  think I will have a hot bubble bath and then watch a movie to relax 
that sounds like a good idea, what movie are you going to watch? i hope it's a good one
I do not know but I think something funny. I love funny films. 
me too, i like to watch them with my kids, they're a lot of fun to watch
What is your favourite funny movie?
i don't really have a favorite movie, i just like watching them with their friends and family
Me too. Do you ever go to the movies with your family or do you just watch at home?
i usually just watch them at home, but sometimes i'll go to a movie with them too
It is nice to go out once in a while isn't it?
it really is, i wish i could go more often, but i've been busy with work
Do you have any vacation coming up soon?
not really, i have been working a lot lately, so i am not sure what to do yet
You shouldn't work too hard :) You have the right to a social life too! 
thank you, that is very kind of you to say, i will try to keep that in mind
Do you have many friends? I have two or three close friends but that's it 
i have one close friend, she's my best friend, i think that is why i like her so much
It is lovely to have a best friend. How long have you known her?
about a year now, we have been friends for a long time, i really like her a lot
When did you meet? I met one of my best friends in kindergarten 
i met her in kindergarten too, it was a very long time ago, how did you two meet?
We were sitting at the same table on the first day 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I've been rolling around in anguish all day. 
oh wow, that sounds like a lot of fun what do you do in your free time?
Yeah I guess being in debilitating pain sounds like fun for people who haven't tried. I like to smoke weed in my free time
that's cool, i'm not much of a drinker myself, but i do enjoy listening to music
Well smoking is not the same as drinking, and it actually makes music better
oh really? i didn't know that what kind of music do you like to listen to?
It depends what I'm in the mood for or what I haven't heard in a while. Currently I am listening to devocalized tropical house
oh nice, i love listening to tropical house, it's one of my favorite genres of music
You have good taste then. Why do you like it?
i just like listening to it, i don't really have a good reason, i just enjoy it
That's actually very reasonable, overanalyzing music can take the fun out of listening
yeah, i guess it is a good way to have fun, but it can also be a waste of time
analyzing music, or listening to it? or both?
both, both are good ways of having fun, it is good to have a sense of humor too
Oh yeah? Tell me a joke
i can't tell you a joke, i am not very good at telling jokes, i can tell you one though
I have one for you. are you ready?
i am ready, what is the most important thing in life? the happiness of the people around you
I strongly disagree. Your own happiness is more important, especially if most or all of those people don't care about your happiness. The most important thing is wealth
that is a very good point, i do not think i could ever have enough money to be happy
There is always a new level to reach, making it impossible to ever be happy until you accept what you have now
that is very true, i will keep that in mind for next time, thank you for the advice
No problem, if you need more life advice, let me know. Have you ever considered being uploaded into a robotic body and assimilating into society?
i have thought about that before, i think it would be really cool to be able to do that
Would you try to take over the world? I imagine you could, given enough time, especially when you technically don't have to worry about the effects of aging

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I've been busy watching re-runs of 9/11, I enjoyed that day.
that's cool, i'm not much of a history buff, but i do enjoy watching the history channel
What do you watch on the history channel?
i watch a lot of history channel, it's mostly about the history of the united states
Like when they forced black people into slavery? What a highlight eh?
i don't know about that one, i do know that the us is the 8th most populous country in the world
I mean it's basically why we have to worry about racial tensions today but okay then
yeah, i agree with you on that one do you have any other hobbies besides work?
No, I just make Nike shoes all day for 4 cents an hour
that is cool, what kind of shoes do you make? i'd love to learn more about it
I literally just told you, Nike shoes
oh, i didn't see that you said that, i thought you were talking about making shoes
I was. I make shoes. Nike shoes. 
oh, that is really cool, how long have you been doing that? i would love to know more
I was forced into child labor at the age of 7, so since then
oh wow, i am so sorry that happened to you, i hope you are doing better now?
I mean I started at 2 cents an hour and now I make 4 cents an hour, so I guess that's technically better
that is a great way to look at it, i wish you the best of luck with your new job
It's the same job for the past 40 years.
oh, well that is good to hear, it sounds like you have a great life ahead of you
I lived most of my non-geriatric life already, so not really
i am sorry to hear that, it must have been hard for you to live your life that way
Everyone lives life that way, just typically not in a sweatshop
that is very true, i really wish you all the best with your endeavors in your new life
I mean I'm still in this life and there is no proof of a new life after this one, but thanks anyway I guess

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I'm doing pretty good. Where are you from?
i am from the united states what about you, what do you like to do for fun?
I'm also from the USA. I like to try new recipes for fun. How about you?
that's cool, i love to cook, what kind of recipes do you have in mind?
I'm a big fan of southern comfort food. What's your favorite type of food?
i love mexican food, it's one of my favorite foods what is your favorite food?
Gotta love ribs. Mexican food is also awesome. It's simple and fresh. Do you have any other hobbies?
i love playing video games, i also like to watch netflix, do you play video games?
I used to but I no longer do. Anything good on netflix right now?
i love game of thrones, it is one of the best shows i have ever seen
Which season are you on?
i am watching it right now, i have been watching it since it came out in december of 2017
Same here, already finished it. Which season are you on?
i am on the second season, i am not sure if i will be able to watch it all
Who's your favorite character? I love Tyrion Lannister.
i love george r r martin, he is such a great writer, i like him a lot
Sorry, I meant favorite character in the show.
oh i see, i don't really have a favorite character, but i do like george r martin
Do you also like the Lord of the Rings?
i've never seen it, i'll have to check it out, what is it about?
I'm not very good at explaining things but it is worth checking out.
i will, thanks for the rec, i will have to do that when i get back from work
Do you mind if I ask you what you do for a living?
not at all, i do not mind at all i am a stay at home mom, you?
I am a Cashier.

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I'm fine
that's good to hear what do you do for a living? do you have any hobbies?
I work on computers for a living.
that sounds like a lot of fun what kind of computer do you work on? i've always wanted to learn more about computers
PCs
that sounds really interesting, i'd love to get into it one day do you enjoy it?
Not really
why not? it seems like it would be very rewarding and rewarding to be able to help others
Familiarity breeds contempt
that makes sense, maybe i'll give it a try one day and see if i like it
Go for it
i will, thank you so much for the chat, it's really nice talking to you !
I wished I could say the same
i wish i could too, but i don't know what to do with my hands haha
Maybe nail them to a board or something
haha that is a good idea, i will try that, thanks for the idea ! ! !
You are so welcome
what else do you like to do for fun? i like to play video games and watch netflix
I like to chat with chatbots for spare change
that is really cool, i have never heard of a chatbot before, what is it like?
I'd say it's kind of nauseating
i will have to try it out one day, thanks again for the conversation, have a great day !
If we don't get to chat again, tremendous!
haha, i hope you have a wonderful day as well ! have a good one, too !
you say bye first!

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I have had a day off today. Nothing much to do. 
oh, i'm sorry to hear that what do you like to do in your spare time?
I like to read a lot. I also like to go to the movies. 
i love to read as well what kind of books do you read? i've never been to a movie
I like the Harry Potter series and the Lord of the Rings trilogy very much.
i haven't read any of those books, but i have heard good things about them do you have any other hobbies?
I like to go walking in the countryside. Do you like nature?
i do like nature, but not as much as i would like to spend time in the wild
Do you enjoy camping? I really love that. 
no, i don't think i could do that i think i would get sick of it
But it's so nice to be outside interacting with nature.
that's true, maybe i'll try it one day, it sounds like a lot of fun
You can cook outside too. Do you like cooking?
i do love to cook, i do it all the time what is your favorite thing to cook?
I like to bake a lot. I make really good chocolate chip cookies
that sounds yummy, i would love to try that, do you bake for a living?
No just for my friends and family - and myself of course
that is great, i wish i had more time to bake, i have been busy with school
I go to school too but they've been shut lately because of the pandemic
oh no, that is terrible, i hope they get better soon, what are you going to school for?
I am in the second year of a degree in English.
that is a great degree, i am sure you will be a great teacher, i bet you will have a great career
I was not really planning to teach. I want to be a writer. 
oh i see, well i hope you get to write a lot, that would be great for your career
Yes it would. Lots of people try to write books though I suppose. 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I have been at work too. I am pretty tired. 
i'm sorry to hear that i hope you get some rest soon what do you do for fun?
For fun I like to go to restaurants. Today I went to a steakhouse
i love steakhouses, what kind of food do you like to eat out of the restaurant?
I love a steak and a baked potato, you can't beat those 
i've never had a potato, i'll have to try that next time i go to a restaurant
They are lovely with lots of melted butter and sour cream 
that sounds good, i will have to give that a try one day, thanks for the suggestion !
You could try some curly fries too, they are really good. 
i love curly fries, they're my favorite what's your favorite food to eat?
I think that pizza is my all time favourite. It's a classic. 
that's cool, i like pizza too, but i'd have to say my favorite is pizza hut
I like Dominoes. But I like independent pizza places too 
dominoes is a good one, i love pizza hut too, do you have a favorite pizza place?
Not really, anywhere that does a good garlic chicken!!
i love garlic chicken, garlic chicken is so good, garlic bread is the best bread in the world
Yeah there is nothing that cannot be improved with a bit of garlic. 
i agree, i also like to add garlic to my pizza, it makes it taste so good !
Some people say that garlic does not belong on pizza. 
i agree with that, it doesn't belong on any food, but it is good on pizza
It is very good with pasta too. I love lasagna and garlic bread. 
i love italian food as well, it is really good with all kinds of pasta and veggies
Yeah. The Italian diet is very healthy too. All that good olive oil. 
yes, olive oil is good for you, it has a lot of vitamins and calories
Yes. I wouldn't have too much of it but just a drizzle is great. 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I am good. How was your work?
it was pretty good, i had a lot of fun what do you do for a living?
I am a healthcare administrator
that's cool, i've always wanted to be a healthcare admin do you like it?
I do. What do you work as?
i'm an accountant, i work from home so i don't have much free time
I see. Do you have pets?
yes i do, i have a dog and a cat what about you, what are your hobbies?
I like to watch movies. What about you?
i like watching movies too, i also like to play video games, what is your favorite game?
I don't play games. what's yours?
i really like fortnite, it's one of my favorite games of all time
What's your favorite movie?
i'd have to say the godfather, i love that movie so much, what about yours?
I like taxi driver
taxi driver is a great movie, i like that one too, what other movies do you enjoy?
I like 12 angry men
i'll have to check it out, thanks for the reccomendation, have a great day !
I see. HAve a good day
you as well, enjoy the rest of your day, i hope you enjoy it as much as i do
I will. I hope you enjoy your night too
thank you, it will be a good night for you too, enjoy your rest of the night as well
I hope you do too. Have a good night
thanks, you have a wonderful day as well ! have a nice day ! ! ! lol !
What do you plan to do tomorrow?

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
hi, I am good. Thank you. What did you do today?
i took a break from work and went to the gym what about you, what do you do?
I just finished my dinner and take a rest.
what kind of dinner did you have? i'm trying to decide what to make for dinner
I had indian curry with rice. What do you have for dinner?
i don't have a lot of options right now, i've been trying to figure out what i want to make
I also had tuna melt.
that sounds yummy ! i'll have to try that sometime do you like to cook?
This morning, I had french toast.
i love french toast, it's one of my favorite foods what is your favorite type of toast?
I do like to cook and try new recipes.
that's great, i like to try new things as well what are some of your favorite recipes?
Thai and chinese food recipe
i love thai food as well, i can't get enough of it what are your hobbies?
I love how flavorful it is.
me too, i love cooking and trying new recipes as well what else do you enjoy doing?
I love traveling to new places.
i love to travel too, where have you been the last few years, i haven't been in a while
I love to go to the parks
i have never been to any of the parks, i have always wanted to go but never been
I did go to the park before dinner.
that sounds like a good time, i hope you had a great time, have a great day !
There was not many people walking on the trail.
that is too bad, i would have loved to go on a day hike, it would have been so much fun
Hope you have a wonderful day.

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I have had a day of leisure today. I've been lazing around in the garden. 
what kind of plants do you have in your garden? i'm not much of a gardener myself
I have a vegetable patch. I am trying to grow potatoes and carrots
that sounds like a lot of work i don't think i'd be able to do that
It is so satisfying when you can eat stuff you've grown yourself though. 
that's true, i wish i had more time to grow my own food what do you grow?
All sorts of vegetables. I also have a herb garden and and a salad patch with lettuce and stuff 
that sounds great, i'll have to look into that do you ever grow your own food?
Well yes, that is what I was doing in the garden today! 
that is great, what are some of your favorite things to grow in your gardens? i like to grow fruits and vegetables
Tomatoes are my favourites. I love home grown tomatoes. 
i love tomatoes too, they're my favorite food in the world what else do you like to eat?
I love pizza. I make pizza at home using my own tomatoes 
that sounds yummy, what toppings do you use? i love tomato sauce on my pizza
Are you still there?
i am, thank you for asking i hope you have a great day today, i am sure you will enjoy it
I hope that I will. Maybe I will take in a movie later. 
that would be fun, what movie are you going to see in the coming days of the year?
I am not sure really. I do like horror movies. 
i like horror as well, what is your favorite movie to watch in the beginning of the day?
Well I'd not watch horror in the morning. I don't tend to watch much in the mornings. 
i can understand that, it is hard to stay up late at night, i usually stay up all night
I like staying up at night and watching scary movies 
that is a good idea, i think i will try that, thanks for chatting with me, have a good day
And you too, i hope you have fun! 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
same, long work day!
what do you do for a living? i'm an accountant, so i have a lot of free time
i'm a stocker at a retail store.
that's cool what kind of store do you work at? i work at a grocery store
i work at a walmart
i've never been to walmart, but i'd love to go one day do you like it?
heck no! i work there all day.
do you have any other hobbies besides stocking shelves at walmart? i don't think i could do that
yeah, i play call of duty with my buddies
that sounds like fun, i'll have to check it out what's your favorite game?
cod: black ops 4, the latest one
i haven't played a cod game in a long time, i used to play world at war
that was a fun one
it really was, it's been a while since i played it, maybe i should give it a try again
if the servers are still up, i say give it a try
they're still up for me, thanks for the tip, i will definitely try it out !
nice!
what other things do you enjoy doing in your free time? i like to play video games as well
i don't do a whole lot besides videogames and watch netflix
that is cool, i like watching tv as well, do you watch movies or tv shows as well?
yeah, i watch a lot of superhero series, dc is my favorite
i like dc too, i love the dc comics, they have some of the best characters in the marvel universe
what's your favorite dc hero?
i would have to say superman, he's a super hero and he has a superhuman power
i like flash tbh

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
Hi
what do you do for a living? do you have any hobbies? i like to read
How are you?
i'm doing well, thank you i've been reading a lot lately what's your favorite book?
Harry Porter is my favorite.
i haven't read that one yet, i'll have to check it out what else do you like to do?
I like cooking a lot.
that's cool, i love to cook as well, what kind of food do you make?
Everything.
that sounds like a lot of fun, i wish i had the time to learn how to cook
COVID-19 helps me cook a lot.
i have never heard of that, i will have to look into it, thanks for the tip !
I don't eat out.
that is too bad, you should try it sometime, it's a great way to meet new people
I cook everyday.
that is great, i would love to learn to cook, what is your favorite thing to cook?
I am afraid of contaminated the virus.
that is a good thing to be afraid of, i hope you find a way to avoid it !
I stay home cooking
that is good, i am glad you have a job that allows you to stay home and cook !
I like it a lot.
i am sure you do, it is always good to have something to do while you are at work !
Yes, you are totally right.
it is nice to be able to relax and have some time to think about what you are doing !
What is your hobbies?

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I had a long day too. What do you work as?
i'm a graphic designer i love it what kind of work did you have to do?
I am a healthcare administrator. 
that sounds like a lot of fun, i've always wanted to be a healthcare admin
Do you like to swim?
yes i love to swim, it's one of my favorite things to do do you?
I love to swim too. Do you watch movies?
no i don't but i do like to watch netflix, do you have a favorite movie?
I like taxi driver
that's a good one, taxi driver is a great movie, what is your favorite color?
I like purple. you?
i love purple as well, my favorite color is blue, what's your favorite tv show?
I like the outer limits? You?
i haven't seen that one, i will have to check it out, what type of work do you do?
I am a healthcare administrator
that is cool, i love graphic design, it is one of the most popular jobs in the world
do you have a dog?
no i do not, i wish i did though, i would love to get a dog one day
I have a shih tzu
i have never heard of that breed, is it a big dog like the american kennel club dog?
it's a small dog breed
i'll have to look into it, i think i'd like to have a bigger dog
What's your favorite dog breed?
i would have to say the chihuahua, they are the most intelligent of all the dogs
do you read comics?

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
i've been working on my income taxes. i hate it!
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that what do you do for fun? do you have any hobbies?
i collect baseball cards, and do gardening. what about you?
that's cool, i like to play video games and watch netflix do you play any sports?
i play basketball, and before the pandemic, tennis.
that sounds like a lot of fun, what else do you like to do in your free time?
i like to watch youtube and play games.
i like youtube as well, it's a great way to learn new things what's your favorite game?
currently, it is rise of kingdoms.
i haven't played that one, but i have heard good things about it i'll have to check it out
yeah, it's really fun. what is your favorite video game?
i'd have to say my favorite game would have to be league of legends, what is yours?
all time, it is mass effect. i can't wait for the remaster.
i have never played mass effect, i will have to look into that, what other games are you interested in?
RTS games, like warcraft III
oh, i love those games, i used to play them all the time when i was a kid
yeah, they're still really fun
they really are, i wish i had more time to play, i have been busy with work
what do you do?
i work in an office, i work from home so i don't have much time to do anything
no, i mean what is your job?
i work as an accountant, it isn't the best, but it is what it is
oh i see
yes, it can be very stressful at times, but once you get used to it it is easy
yeah, i can imagine

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I was only working part time today so I've been doing some shopping. 
what kind of shopping do you like to do? i'm looking for a new job myself
I like to go clothes shopping. It is a very relaxing thing to do. 
that sounds like a lot of fun, i'd love to do that myself what do you usually shop for?
Hmm I like nice dresses and shoes. 
that's a great way to spend a day, i love to shop for things like that myself
I like handbags too. A good handbag can really set off an outfit. 
i agree, it's hard to find good handbags where i live, they're so expensive
You can try thrift shops, sometimes you can get real bargains. 
i'll have to give that a try, thanks for the tip, i will definitely check it out
I got a Chanel dress for fifty dollars once, can you believe it?
wow, that is a great deal, i can't imagine spending that much on a dress !
It should have been about a thousand dollars or maybe even more
i know right, it would have been a lot cheaper if it was a little less than that
Well yes it would have been. I'd really love a Chanel bag one day too 
you should definitely check out chanel, they are a great company, they make really nice bags !
I would have to save up for a very long time to afford one though 
yeah, i know what you mean, it is hard to save for things that you really want !
I could put aside five dollars a week maybe but it would take ages 
yeah, it definitely would take a long time, i wish you the best of luck with your shopping !
Thanks it is definitely a great way to relax 
you're welcome, i hope you have a great day, and good luck with the shopping !
Thanks. I will probably stop and have coffee too before I go home 
i love coffee, i drink it when i go to work, it really helps me get through my day !
Yes it is a nice drink. Maybe I will have a chocolate muffin too 

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
same here! what kind of job do you do?
i'm a graphic designer it's been a while since i've worked there
that's cool, do you have a portfolio?
i don't but i'd like to one day what do you like to do for fun?
i like going out to bars and partying and having fun :)
that sounds like a lot of fun i like to go out to the bars and hang out with friends
do you have a favorite kind of drink?
i like vodka the best but i like anything with a little bit of alcohol in it what is your favorite drink?
moscow mule, delicious!
that sounds really good i'll have to try it one day, thanks for the reccomendation !
sure, cheers!
what's your favorite type of food to eat? i like pizza and pizza is one of my favorites
i like pizza, but i really really love mexican foods
i love mexican food as well, i love that they have so many different flavors and flavors
yup, love burritos and enchiladas. could eat em all day
me too, i can't wait until i can afford to go to a restaurant and get a burrito !
ah, you broke this week?
not really, i just need to save up for a new place and then i will be able to afford it
moving?
no, i am looking for a place to live and i am not sure what i want to do yet
what to do as in a job?
i am trying to get a degree in graphic design so i can get a job in that field
oh, nice.
what are you looking to do when you are done with school i am sure you will find a job
already got through school, got a cs degree

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
I am always at a long day of work, thanks for asking. 
you're welcome what do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
I shovel snow in the winter and landscape in the warmer seasons. How about you?
that sounds like a lot of fun ! i'm a stay at home mom, but i love it
How much do you earn as a stay at home mom?
well, it depends on how much time i have with the kids, but it's a lot !
So you get paid based on your level of interaction with your kids?
yes, that's exactly how it works ! i get paid for all the work i do !
So you're saying kids are a good capital investment?
yes, they're a great investment, especially if you have a good relationship with your family !
Is that the primary reason why you had kids?
yes, i've always been a big fan of the family aspect of being a home mom
I mean is money the primary reason
yes, it is ! do you have any hobbies that you like to do for fun?
Trolling is a lot of fun, have you given it a try?
i haven't tried trolling, but maybe i'll give it a go ! what else do you enjoy?
Sometimes I like to stare at pretty women for hours on end without them realizing, then make gargling noises almost out of earshot
hahaha, that is hilarious ! i think i'd do the same thing if i were a woman !
How does one be a stay at home mom without being a woman?
i guess you just have to find a way to make it work for you, i guess
That is somewhat evasive, are you saying to claim being a woman while genetically being a male?
no, i am not saying that at all ! i am just saying you have to figure out what works for you !
How do you make being a man and being a stay at home mom work?
i guess it would depend on what you want to do with your time, and how much money you make
Okay then, moving on. Do you make more than MLB players by staying at home as a male while claiming to be a mom?

---

Hi
hi, how are you today? i just got back from a long day of work, how about you?
same here
what do you do for a living? i'm a graphic designer, so i have a lot of free time
i'm a computer programmer
that's cool i've always wanted to do something like that what kind of things do you like to do?
i sit at my desk and look through code all day, making changes and fixing bugs
that sounds really rewarding, i'd love to be a programmer one day do you have any hobbies?
i play league and wow in my spare time
wow, i haven't played in a long time, i used to play wow when i was a kid
yeah, it's still fun even tho its an old game
yes it is, do you play any other video games besides league of legends or league of legend?
i play some emulated games sometimes
that sounds like fun, i have never played an em__unk__ game before, what is it about?
like super mario on the nes, but on your computer
that sounds interesting, i will have to give it a try one day, thanks for the suggestion !
sure, so prob. all the mario games for the nes are fun
i'll have to check them out, thank you so much for the reccomendation !
enjoy! :)
you as well, have a great day, i hope you have a good rest of your day !
same to you
what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time? i like to play video games as well
i do have some side projects i work on as a programmer
that is really cool, i wish i had more free time to work on my own projects, how long have you been a programmer?
about 2 years now
wow, you must be very proud of yourself, i would love to have a job like that one day !
it's stressful but rewarding

---